Feat: Subnet Pool (#81)
latent-to/taohash: docs/running_miner.md

> # TaoHash Mining Guide
> Complete guide for mining on the TaoHash subnet - Bittensor's Bitcoin mining network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# TAOHash Mining Guide
Complete guide for mining on the TAOHash subnet - Bittensor's Bitcoin mining pool.
```

## Overview
TaoHash enables Bitcoin miners to contribute hashpower to the subnet's mining pool. All miners direct their hashpower to a single subnet pool, where validators evaluate and rank miners based on the share value they generate.

> Miners are reward in Alpha token in Bittensor, which can be swapped to the mother token, TAO. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Miners are reward in Alpha token in Bittensor, which can be swapped to TAO or kept as a representation of pool ownership. 
```

### What is share value? 
Share value is the difficulty at which the miner solved a blockhash. The higher the difficulty solved, the more incentive a miner gets. 

> In general, the higher the hashpower, the higher the share values are submitted. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, the higher the hashpower, the higher the share value submitted. 
```
